Why haven't you done it yet?
Chongqing VIP cut
That's not possible.
Are you blind?
This is the guy.
How could there be a supreme invitation?
He doesn't even have the qualifications to support the king?
This is the Supreme Invitation
Absolutely.
I think it's you guys who believe in the money right now
Xiao Chen, where did you get the invitation letter?
Or the supreme invitation
I heard that in the past, Lord Lords held king banquets
I have never sent anyone a supreme invitation letter.
What is your identity?
Qianxue, you'll know when the banquet starts
Xiao Chen, don't mess around
The invitation letter can't be fake, right?
It's okay if you fake the invitation to the party
If you fake the supreme invitation
Isn't that causing trouble?
Qingxue trust me
Don't worry about everything else.
How can you not worry?
Counterfeit invitations are a serious crime for the nine clans
If Lord Junhou comes down soon
We're dead.
No, Lord Junhou is very talkative.
Even if it's fake, he won't say anything.
Besides
He is real
Is it in the hands of that waste?
It's really a supreme invitation
Impossible absolutely impossible
This trash
What can he do?
The supreme invitation letter that can be rewarded by the military lord
Which invitation letter?
Absolutely not.
But even the security guard didn't see it
That request is still false
Just two security guards
Where have they seen the Supreme Invitation?
How could they have imagined
How dare you be so bold
Dare to forge the supreme invitation letter
So we just let them in.
Then let them in.
How dare you forge the Supreme Invitation Letter?
Box is the charge
That's enough to make him die for ten thousand volumes
Just in time to save us from specifying that trash
Liu Shao, let's go in quickly
I can't wait anymore.
Wait for the Wu Weijun to arrive
We can see Xiaocheng
How miserable will this trash end?